Add rclone Space documentation (#52)
artefactual/archivematica-storage-service-docs: administrators.rst

  rsync with remote shell.
* **Rsync password**: the password for the rsync daemon

.. _admin-rclone:

RClone
^^^^^^

> RClone is available as an access protocol in Storage Service 0.20 and higher.

Reviewer: I think it's worth to add more context, and telling what rclone actually is.
```suggestion
Rclone is a command-line program to manage files on cloud storage, and is available as an access protocol in Storage Service 0.20 and higher.
```

The `RClone`_ space allows for use of over 40 cloud providers with Archivematica
as Transfer Source, AIP Store, DIP Store, and Replicator locations.

> Configuration of details such as access keys is via environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration of details such as access keys can be made through a configuration file, or via environment variables (the recommended method).
```
